Ayotunde Website Application
This is a Website application built using Flask, a Python web framework. The application allows users to register, log in, create blog posts, view posts, add comments, and perform other related actions.

Features
User registration and authentication
Create, edit, and delete blog posts
View and comment on blog posts
User session management
Contact form to send messages to the site owner
Prerequisites
Python 3.9 or above
SQLite database
SMTP server (e.g., Gmail) for email functionality
Installation
Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/ay1ncode/Ay_python_app
Navigate to the project directory: Starting+Files+-+blog-with-users-start

bash
Copy code
cd Starting+Files+-+blog-with-users-start
Create and activate a virtual environment:

bash
Copy code
virtualenv venv
source venv/bin/activate
Install the required dependencies:

Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Set up the database:

csharp
Copy code
flask db init
flask db migrate
flask db upgrade
Configure the SMTP server:

Open app.py in a text editor.
Replace my_email variable with your email address.
Replace password variable with your email password.
Update SMTP server settings if necessary (e.g., host, port).
Start the application:

arduino
Copy code
flask run
Open your web browser and visit http://localhost:5000 to access the application.

Usage
Register a new account or log in with existing credentials.
Create blog posts with a title, subtitle, body content, and an optional image URL.
View existing blog posts and add comments.
Edit or delete your own blog posts.
Logout from the application when done.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use and modify the code according to your needs.

Please note that this is a basic template for the README file, and you may want to customize it further based on your specific project requirements.